---
layout: post_vie_ma_vie
title: Vie ma vie.
design: orange
---


The sun is my alarm clock. I've been naturally waking up at 6:30 every morning since ages.
In fact, I never used or bougth an alarm clock my whole life. Until 8 am I try hard not to check e-mails/Twitters/RSS Feed.

I am lucky enough to live in a quiet area just in front of the sea. I enjoy looking at the sea, when I take my coffee. I really like this moment, everyone is still asleep, no sound in the street. I usually read a digital book on my iPad at the moment [Grid Systems in Graphic Design
](http://www.amazon.com/Systems-Graphic-Systeme-Visuele-Gestaltung/dp/3721201450)

I get to my home office around 9am. Everyone else in my team works from home too. We are a virtual company. We have been working four-day workweek for three years, almost 32 hours by weeks. Weekend starts Saturday until the next Tuesday. Don't get us wrong, we choose efficiency over "sterile productivity" and It works pretty well. Our productivity is better in four days than in five. When you have a compressed workweek, you tend to focus on what’s important. There is no issue with our clients as long as the work is done… and well done. 

Why so ? Because if the project requires it, we are able to just forget about weekends until the job is done. Everybody is happy enough in the company to understand how it works and never think about complaining. 

I check my email or my twitter account 2 times at 8am and 9pm. Because the cool new filtering system called VIPs with Mountain Lion’s Mail, I don't loose any important emails.

We rarely have meetings. We all communicate through Messages or Skype. I'm in love with FaceTime. It's video quality is pretty good. Really I don't "feel" the distance, the miles between us. We also use BaseCamp and Github to organize our projects.

I have a macbook pro and I use my IPad like a second monitor/computer. The IPad is mostly used for email/chat/web/FaceTime, while coding happens on the Macbook pro. I listen to music all day. There’s a lot of electro stuff like [Xploding Plastix](http://www.xplodingplastix.com). I’m also a big fan Radio Nova and Le Mellotron. It helps me focus.

I spend most of my day coding and learning. I love to learn new stuff, learning new things helps to keep things fresh. At the moment, I am passionate about Responsive Design, Swiss Style and Leica.

I almost eat lunch at home with my companion. I don't eat at my desk. We talk together about her day or american politics. She is a little obsess with that with the campaign going on.

After lunch, I get a little lazy. I am not really productive. I'm usually watch a documentary on Arte or the BBC.

I continue to work until 5pm. Every two days we run in a road near the tropical forest (hum… chill, it's not the Amazonia guys). We enjoy this moment, no more work, code other stuff. It's our moment.

At night, I often get a real productive boost and do a couple of hours of work and try hard to go to bed before midnight.

And like my granma says, "an lot soley".

Bolo


